Add backend support matrices for different platforms (#69)
triton-inference-server/backend: docs/backend_platform_support_matrix.md

#    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the
#    documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.
#  * Neither the name of NVIDIA CORPORATION nor the names of its
#    contributors may be used to endorse or promote products derived
#    from this software without specific prior written permission.
#
# THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS ``AS IS'' AND ANY
# EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
# IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR
# PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT OWNER OR
# CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL,
# EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO,
# PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR
# PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY
# OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT
# (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE
# OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.
-->

# Backend-Platform Support Matrix

> Even though Triton supports inference across varied platforms such as

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Even though Triton supports inference across various platforms such as
```

cloud, data center, edge and embedded devices on NVIDIA GPUs, x86 and
ARM CPU, or AWS Inferentia, it does so by relying on the backends.

> Note that not all Triton backends support all these different
> platforms. The purpose of this document is to go over what all

Reviewer: "not all ... support all these ..." reads a little weird, maybe this?
```suggestion
Note that not all Triton backends support every
platform. The purpose of this document is to go over what all
```

compute platforms are supported by each of these Triton backends.
GPU in this document refers to Nvidia GPU. See
[GPU, Driver, and CUDA Support Matrix](https://docs.nvidia.com/deeplearning/frameworks/support-matrix/index.html)
to learn more about supported GPUs.

## Ubuntu 20.04

> The table below describes target device supported for inference by

Reviewer 2: device -> device(s)

each backend on multiple systems.

| Backend      | x86-GPUs  | ARM-SBSA-GPUs | x86 CPU only | ARM-SBSA CPU only |
| ------------ | --------- | ------------- | ------------ |------------------ |
| TensorRT     |    GPU    |     GPU       |  Unsupported |  Unsupported      |
| ONNX Runtime |  CPU/GPU  |   CPU/GPU     |     CPU      |      CPU          |
| TensorFlow   |  CPU/GPU  |   CPU/GPU     |     CPU      |      CPU          | 
| PyTorch      |  CPU/GPU  |   CPU/GPU     |     CPU      |      CPU          |
| OpenVINO     |    CPU    |     CPU       |     CPU      |      CPU          |
| Python       |CPU/GPU[^1]|  CPU/GPU[^1]  |     CPU[^1]  |      CPU[^1]      |
| DALI         |   GPU     |     GPU       |  Unsupported |  Unsupported      |

> | FIL          |  CPU/GPU  |  Unsupported  |    CPU       |  Unsupported      |

Reviewer: Can this table be simplified to just two columns? 

The main question is, **is there an important distinction in the table between "CPU support" and "CPU-only support"** ?

The CPU-only columns with CPU support read a little strange to me.

ex:

| Backend      | x86       | ARM-SBSA      |
| ------------ | --------- | ------------- |
| TensorRT     |  :heavy_check_mark: GPU <br/> :x: CPU | :heavy_check_mark: GPU <br/> :x: CPU       |
| ONNX Runtime |  :heavy_check_mark: GPU <br/> :heavy_check_mark: CPU  |   :heavy_check_mark: GPU <br/> :heavy_check_mark: CPU      |
| TensorFlow   |  :heavy_check_mark: GPU <br/> :heavy_check_mark: CPU  |   :heavy_check_mark: GPU <br/> :heavy_check_mark: CPU      |
| PyTorch      |  :heavy_check_mark: GPU <br/> :heavy_check_mark: CPU  |   :heavy_check_mark: GPU <br/> :heavy_check_mark: CPU      |
| OpenVINO     |  :x: GPU <br/> :heavy_check_mark: CPU    |     :x: GPU <br/> :heavy_check_mark: CPU       |
| Python       |  :heavy_check_mark: GPU <br/> :heavy_check_mark: CPU [^1] |  :heavy_check_mark: GPU <br/> :heavy_check_mark: CPU [^1]  |
| DALI         |  :heavy_check_mark: GPU <br/> :x: CPU     |     :heavy_check_mark: GPU <br/> :x: CPU       |
| FIL          |  :heavy_check_mark: GPU <br/> :heavy_check_mark: CPU  |  Unsupported  |

[^1]: ...

Author: Good idea! I can make this change!

> 

Reviewer 2: I think it would be good to add the definition of CPU-only too (i.e. a container that doesn't have the CUDA libraries).

Author: With Ryan's suggestion below, this should not be needed I guess. It will simplify our support.

## Windows 10

Only TensorRT and ONNX Runtime backends are supported on Windows.

> | Backend      | x86-GPUs  | x86 CPU only |

Reviewer 2: Do we release the x86 CPU only version or this is just referring to building the windows version of Triton using build.py with CPU-only flag?

Author: I think we can abstract this information with Ryan's suggestion. I am now thinking pointing our CPU only builds should not be a good idea.

| ------------ | --------- | ------------ |
| TensorRT     |    GPU    |  Unsupported |
| ONNX Runtime |  CPU/GPU  |     CPU      |

## Jetson JetPack

Following backends are currently supported on Jetson Jetpack:

| Backend      |   Jetson  |
| ------------ | --------- |
| TensorRT     |    GPU    |
| ONNX Runtime |  CPU/GPU  |
| TensorFlow   |  CPU/GPU  |
| PyTorch      |  CPU/GPU  |
| Python       |  CPU[^1]  |

Look at the [Triton Inference Server Support for Jetson and JetPack](https://github.com/triton-inference-server/server/blob/main/docs/jetson.md).

## AWS Inferentia

Currently, inference on AWS Inferentia is only supported via
[python backend](https://github.com/triton-inference-server/python_backend#running-with-inferentia)
where the deployed python script invokes AWS Neuron SDK.

> [^1]: The supported devices for python backend are mentioned with

Reviewer 2: * python backend -> Python Backend
* python -> Python
